README.md, before:

<img src="http://png-2.findicons.com/files//icons/2135/transformers/128/control_panel.png" alt="Logo" />

API AS A SERVICE
----------------

You want to write a web application, but you don't want to waste your time writting your backend ?

**Api-as-a-service is the solution :)**

Installation
------------

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/Atinux/api-as-a-service.git
cd api-as-a-service/
npm install -d
</pre>

Setup
------

<pre>
node app.js
</pre>

The server will listen on the port 4000, so the url will be http://localhost:4000/.

Documentation
-------------

Here the sample API :

**POST - /api/:entity**

- Create a new document for this entity, if the entity doesn't exist, it will be created, the field *id* is added to the document.

**GET /api/:entity**

- Search documents for this entity
- Some params to search :
 - **q** to search in all fields (*example:* /api/products?q=iphone to find all documents wich contain the term "iphone")
 - **{fieldName}** to search with specified field name (*example:* /api/products?name=test to find all docs wich contain "test" in its "name" field)
 - **fields** to get back only specified fields (*example:* /api/products?fields=name,price.retail will send back the documents with only the key name and price (with sub key retail)), nested keys must be separated by '.'
 - **limit** to limit the number of result (*example:* /api/products?limit=20)
 - **offset** specify the first occurence to send back in the results (*example:* /api/products?offset=5)

**GET /api/:entity/:id**

- Get the document with id *:id*

**PUT /api/:entity/:id**

- Update document with id *:id*

**DELETE /api/:entity/:id**

- Delete document with id *:id*

**DELETE /api/:entity**

- Ask a token to delete entity *:entity*
 - Send back an url to confirm the delete of this entity

**DELETE /api/:entity/:token**

- Delete the entity *:entity*

Informations
------------

The server will create a static server on the public/ folder.
So you can easily devellop a web application wich use the API :)

The server will use a static file to stock all informations (*data.json*), remember, **api-as-a-service** is here to help you to create web application easily without wrote any backend. But if you want to put your application in production, I recommand you to write your backend.

Have fun !

Thanks you to <a href="http://www.alexandrefournel.com/">Alexandre Fournel</a> to inspire me.

Todos
-----

- Add TDD tests with Mocha
- Add sortBy and rangeBy fields
- Add Socket.IO support for realtime web app

Commit message:

Fixing some grammar mistakes
I know your not a native english speaker, so I thought I would help
clean up the documentation

README.md, after:

<img src="http://png-2.findicons.com/files//icons/2135/transformers/128/control_panel.png" alt="Logo" />

API AS A SERVICE
----------------

You want to write a web application, but you don't want to waste your time writting your backend ?

**Api-as-a-service is the solution :)**

Installation
------------

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/Atinux/api-as-a-service.git
cd api-as-a-service/
npm install -d
</pre>

Setup
------

<pre>
node app.js
</pre>

The server will listen on the port 4000, so the url will be http://localhost:4000/.

Documentation
-------------

Here the sample API :

**POST - /api/:entity**

- Create a new document for this entity, if the entity doesn't exist, it will be created, the field *id* is added to the document.

**GET /api/:entity**

- Search documents for this entity
- Some params to search :
 - **q** to search in all fields (*example:* /api/products?q=iphone to find all documents wich contain the term "iphone")
 - **{fieldName}** to search with specified field name (*example:* /api/products?name=test to find all docs wich contain "test" in its "name" field)
 - **fields** to get back only specified fields (*example:* /api/products?fields=name,price.retail will send back the documents with only the key name and price (with sub key retail)), nested keys must be separated by '.'
 - **limit** to limit the number of result (*example:* /api/products?limit=20)
 - **offset** specify the first occurence to send back in the results (*example:* /api/products?offset=5)

**GET /api/:entity/:id**

- Get the document with id *:id*

**PUT /api/:entity/:id**

- Update document with id *:id*

**DELETE /api/:entity/:id**

- Delete document with id *:id*

**DELETE /api/:entity**

- Ask a token to delete entity *:entity*
 - Send back an url to confirm the delete of this entity

**DELETE /api/:entity/:token**

- Delete the entity *:entity*

Informations
------------

The server will create a static server on the public/ folder.
So you can easily develop a web application which can use the API :)

The server will use a static file to house all the information (*data.json*), remember, **api-as-a-service** is meant to help you create a web application easily without having to write any backend. If you want to put your application into production, I would recommend you write your own backend.

Have fun !

Thanks you to <a href="http://www.alexandrefournel.com/">Alexandre Fournel</a> to inspire me.

Todos
-----

- Add TDD tests with Mocha
- Add sortBy and rangeBy fields
- Add Socket.IO support for realtime web app
